Fix the stress tensor computation for nonlinear FV in cylindrical coordinates. (#31939)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/content/source/fvkernels/INSFVMomentumViscousSourceRZ.md

source term that comes from $\nabla^2 \boldsymbol{u}$:

\begin{equation}
-\mu \frac{u_r}{r^2}
\end{equation}

`INSFVMomentumViscousSourceRZ` adds this volumetric contribution so that both the residual and the
Rhie-Chow $a$-coefficients include the effect of the $- \mu u_r / r^2$ term. The radius is evaluated
from the element vertex average (cell centroid) to match the cell-centered discretization. This
kernel must be restricted to blocks that use an `RZ` coordinate system and to the radial momentum
component (the component selected with
[!param](/FVKernels/INSFVMomentumViscousSourceRZ/momentum_component) must be the axisymmetric radial
index).

!alert note title=Automatically added for WCNSFVFlowPhysics
When using [WCNSFVFlowPhysics.md], this kernel is added automatically on blocks that use an RZ
coordinate system. Set [!param](/Physics/NavierStokes/Flow/WCNSFVFlowPhysics/add_rz_viscous_source)
to `false` if the default behavior needs to be disabled.

!alert note
The kernel expects the same viscosity functor that is passed to
[INSFVMomentumDiffusion](INSFVMomentumDiffusion.md), and it only needs to be added for the radial

> momentum equation. Axial components should not include this kernel.

Author: Added a note!

!alert note title=Use only for RZ viscous sources
`INSFVMomentumViscousSourceRZ` complements the Laplacian viscous term implemented by
[INSFVMomentumDiffusion](INSFVMomentumDiffusion.md). Do not add this kernel in Cartesian problems;

> only include it for the radial momentum equation of axisymmetric $RZ$ setups. When the diffusion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only include it for the radial momentum equation of axisymmetric $RZ$ setups. When the `INSFVMomentumDiffusion`
```

axisymmetric coordinate system (no swirl) the radial momentum equation also contains an additional
source term that comes from $\nabla^2 \boldsymbol{u}$:

\begin{equation}
-\mu \frac{u_r}{r^2}
\end{equation}

`INSFVMomentumViscousSourceRZ` adds this volumetric contribution so that both the residual and the
Rhie-Chow $a$-coefficients include the effect of the $- \mu u_r / r^2$ term. The radius is evaluated
from the element vertex average (cell centroid) to match the cell-centered discretization. This
kernel must be restricted to blocks that use an `RZ` coordinate system and to the radial momentum
component (the component selected with
[!param](/FVKernels/INSFVMomentumViscousSourceRZ/momentum_component) must be the axisymmetric radial
index).

!alert note title=Automatically added for WCNSFVFlowPhysics
When using [WCNSFVFlowPhysics.md], this kernel is added automatically on blocks that use an RZ
coordinate system. Set [!param](/Physics/NavierStokes/Flow/WCNSFVFlowPhysics/add_rz_viscous_source)
to `false` if the default behavior needs to be disabled (for instance when another object replaces

> this source term).

Author: No idea what I was thinking.

> this source term).

Author: Removed

\end{equation}

`INSFVMomentumViscousSourceRZ` adds this volumetric contribution so that both the residual and the
Rhie-Chow $a$-coefficients include the effect of the $- \mu u_r / r^2$ term. The radius is evaluated
from the element vertex average (cell centroid) to match the cell-centered discretization. This
kernel must be restricted to blocks that use an `RZ` coordinate system and to the radial momentum
component (the component selected with
[!param](/FVKernels/INSFVMomentumViscousSourceRZ/momentum_component) must be the axisymmetric radial
index).

!alert note title=Automatically added for WCNSFVFlowPhysics
When using [WCNSFVFlowPhysics.md], this kernel is added automatically on blocks that use an RZ
coordinate system. Set [!param](/Physics/NavierStokes/Flow/WCNSFVFlowPhysics/add_rz_viscous_source)
to `false` if the default behavior needs to be disabled.

!alert note
The kernel expects the same viscosity functor that is passed to
[INSFVMomentumDiffusion.md], and it only needs to be added for the radial
momentum equation. Axial components should not include this kernel.

!alert note
When the user enables turbulence, in some cases, kernels can be split into contributions

> from the modlecular and trubulent viscosity. In these cases, the user has to make sure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from the molecular and turbulent viscosity. In these cases, the user has to make sure
```
